feat: enable telemetry by default (#6573)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: .changeset/thin-peas-end.md

---
"hardhat": patch
---

> Removed timeout from the telemetry consent prompt and anonymized server name tag on events sent to Sentry

Author: ```suggestion
Removed telemetry consent prompt, made telemetry enabled by default, added a task through which telemetry can be explicitly enabled/disabled, and anonymized server name tag on events sent to Sentry
```
